Revamp Contributor's quick start (#39837)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/03_a_contributors_quick_start.rst

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

*************************
Contributor's Quick Start
*************************

**The outline for this document in GitHub is available at top-right corner button (with 3-dots and 3 lines).**

Note to Starters
################

Airflow is a complex project, as is setting up an Airflow development environment to test changes.

> This guide and its sub-guides are designed to make it as easy as possible to contribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide and its sub-guides are designed to make it as easy as possible to contribute to Airflow
```

There are three main ways you can run an Airflow development environment:

> 1. With `Breeze <../dev/breeze/doc/README.rst>`_ (local) Breeze...

Reviewer 2: This reads weird, _With Breeze (local) Breeze..._

Reviewer: +1

  1. Makes it easy (you might say, "a *breeze*") to run integrations, tests, and more

>   2. A Python-built tool specifically built to develop Airflow using Docker Compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. An advanced tool built using Python specifically built to develop Airflow using Docker Compose
```
Hmm?

> 2. With a virtual environment such as `hatch <https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/>`_ or `virtualenv <https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/>`_ (local)
> 3. With a remote environment like `GitPod <https://www.gitpod.io/>`_ or `GitHub Codespaces <https://github.com/features/codespaces>`_ (remote)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. With a virtual environment management tool such as `hatch <https://hatch.pypa.io/latest/>`_ or `virtualenv <https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/>`_ (local)
3. With a remote environment management tool like `GitPod <https://www.gitpod.io/>`_ or `GitHub Codespaces <https://github.com/features/codespaces>`_ (remote)
```

since these are not the actual environments but tools to manage them?

Before deciding which method to choose, there are a few factors to consider:

> * Breeze offers a lot of featuers, but it requires Docker Desktop, *at least* 2.5GB RAM, and 2 cores. 4GB of RAM is recommended. It also requires a substantial amount of disk space. 20GB is recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Breeze offers a lot of features, but it requires Docker Desktop, *at least* 2.5GB RAM, and 2 cores. 4GB of RAM is recommended. It also requires a substantial amount of disk space. 20GB is recommended.
```

###########################

In order to submit a `pull request <https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/about-pull-requests>`_
(PR), you'll first need to `fork <https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/working-with-forks/fork-a-repo>`_ and `clone <https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository>`_
the `Airflow git repository <https://github.com/apache/airflow>`_. This will more or less create a copy of the Airflow repository in
your own GitHub account and copy that repository to your local machine where you'll implement your changes to Airflow before submitting
a PR.

Using your IDE
--------------

If you are familiar with Python development using an integrated development environment (IDE), Airflow can be setup
similarly to other projects. If you need specific instructions to configure Airflow with your IDE, you
can find more information here:

* `Pycharm/IntelliJ <quick-start-ide/contributors_quick_start_pycharm.rst>`_
* `Visual Studio Code <quick-start-ide/contributors_quick_start_vscode.rst>`_

> A brief note about static checks, pre-commit, and tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static checks, pre-commit, and tests
```

#######################################################

The Airflow project has a robust test suite that includes both `static checks <08_static_code_checks.rst>`_ as well as
`unit tests, integration tests, and various system tests <09_testing.rst>`_. If you submit a pull request (PR) that

> doesn't satisfy all static checks and tests, your PR will be automatically rejected, and you'll be asked to update the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
doesn't satisfy all static checks and tests, your PR will be automatically fail the github tests, and you'll be asked to update the
```

PR accordingly.

Static checks & pre-commit
--------------------------

Static checks help ensure that the Airflow project maintains high levels of code quality. Some static checks such as `black <https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_
and `ruff <https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/>`_ ensure consistent style and formatting. Others, like `mypy <https://www.mypy-lang.org/>`_
help prevent bugs inherent to duck-typed languages like Python.

`pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ is a tool used by Airflow to run static checks. pre-commit can be run ad-hoc
(``pre-commit run --all-files``) or enabled in your repository to run pre-commit hooks when you make a commit (that is, run

> ``git commit -m "some message"``). All pre-commit errors will be found before pushing to your repository/updating your PR, and some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``git commit -m "some message"``). All pre-commit errors are discovered during your local commit and before pushing to your repository/updating your PR, and some
```

(like black and ruff), will automatically reformat files on your behalf!

First, `install pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/#install>`_. Then, if you'd like to configure pre-commit on commit, run
``pre-commit install`` from the root of your Airflow directory.

> To disable precommit, simply run ``pre-commit uninstall`` from the root of your Airflow directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable pre-commit, simply run ``pre-commit uninstall`` from the root of your Airflow directory.
```

You can also run all pre-commit hooks against specific files:

.. code-block:: bash

>    pre-commit run  --files airflow/utils/decorators.py tests/utils/test_task_group.py

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   pre-commit run --files airflow/utils/decorators.py tests/utils/test_task_group.py
```
